From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, the nerdest, meltyest theater in the world,
Harmontown is now in session.
Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden, shall we, Spencer?
They love you, Spencer.
This song again?
How dare you.
Jesus.
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown.
You know him.
You might like him.
Dan Harmon.
Thank you very much.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Happy Happy Thanksgiving.
Unless you're Jewish, I think a round Thanksgiving, yeah, pour them, sure, kind of ruined whatever
dumb bit I was about to do, there actually is a Jewish Thanksgiving in the vicinity.
Yeah, no, they're less thankful this time of year.
That's the thing.
But they do it, they're thankful, they're a little bit thankful for eight days in a
row.
They get a little, two ounces of stuffing every day.
Did you eat a lot over your Thanksgiving?
Yeah, a little ham.
You're making a poopy face.
What's a denero face?
I had a little ham.
I was thankful.
The denero face you're making is denero's poopy face, though, it's when denero doesn't
like ham.
The ham wasn't very good.
It wasn't good ham.
Too salty, too dry?
I don't know.
It was hammy.
Hey, we've discussed this, ham is not a real, it's silly, it's a silly meat.
We remember when I was going to go to Barcelona and you're like, oh, the ham, they're known
for their ham.
The ham's dumb.
And then I got off the plane and they're like, here's your ham, for real, in a bag,
give me a bag of ham.
Barcelona ham never comes in a bag.
No, it was like sealed, like kind of like artisanal ham, I don't know, ham, ham shreds.
A guy named Arturo was supposed to cut it off a dried carcass hanging from the ceiling.
I know we're all very tired tonight, it's been a long weekend, we've all, like, some
of us have probably had encounters with family members that we didn't want to have.
Some of us probably, even the people that had a great time, I'm one of them, but you
know, there's an exhaustion level.
Did you speak to any, I know you weren't with your family, did you speak to any of your
family?
No.
My dad sent me a text, kind of making fun of me.
He said, I didn't really get his joke, what did he say, he said, it dawns on me that without
a DNA test, you'd still be Irish, you'd still be married.
Wait what?
I think he means like, because I got that DNA test, and I always thought I was Irish
ancestrally, and Aaron was, very much so, and I turned out to be British, more British
than James Bond, and with zero Irish in me, and I think my dad is just referencing that,
he's just sending me a note on Thanksgiving to just say, maybe it's your fault that you
aren't married.
If you were actually Irish, you would have made it work, out of Irish solidarity.
Yeah, and that's the key with marriages, you want to make it work, if it's not working
on its own, you want to put an effort, really, you just work on it, just wrench away at it,
like it's an old Camaro, because who wouldn't want to be in a marriage that had been made
to work?
But you have to agree that all relationships have some work, like elements to it.
Of course, if you're in a partnership with someone, you have to make emotional bids and
respond to them, I know all this, I learned all this, didn't help, but I learned it all.
I watched that new Mission Impossible movie, Rogue Nation, so Jeff, you probably haven't
seen it.
I'm guessing you watched it on a plane, right?
No, no, I watched it tonight, I was waiting for Fallout 4 to load, and I, I mean it's not
funny, it's a, it's a terrible addiction, it's going to cost Rick and Morty a lot of
money.
Now, all I know, all I know about these Mission Impossible, I think I've seen one of them.
Well, so here's the thing, okay, so this is like the seventh one, like, and I hope, I
hope I don't, you know, you don't mind me spoiling it, but this one is like, this one,
this one, the Mission is like, like, they can't do it, no, but he's done six in a row.
And well, there's always a little bit of a snafu, but this one is like, can't be done.
It's actually, that'll be a good Mission Impossible, they go, oh shit, it was impossible.
He gets up at the end and he's like, well, it's on the poster, like, yeah, and he says
like, look, yeah, six to seven isn't bad, and he just walks away, and I'm proud of him.
Like, he's, he's been working really hard.
Babe Ruth only hits, you know, maybe two and a half, three out of ten.
Yeah, and it's not called, you can't hit the ball, it's called baseball.
Yeah.
You know?
This is like, his job is to go do things that can't be done, and he, but he does them
all the time.
But this one, but.
So he took one, so he took one, this time he couldn't do it, and I thought, I thought,
I, for what I was, I was refreshed, I was, I was like, that's great, he couldn't do
it.
That would make me come back to the Mission Impossible franchise if number seven, oh
fuck it, he fucking, that was, that one was actually impossible.
You know, every once in a while, the mission is actually impossible.
The word still means something.
It's like the Harlem Globetrotters one time did lose to the generals.
That's on record.
That's a reference for nobody here.
So, so there's a scene in Mission Impossible nine, whatever this is, where Ving Reims keeps
coming back.
Wait, wait, that little snort you did sounded like when you hit backspace on a computer,
a keyboard, you're like, do that again, can you make that again?
So Ving Reims keeps coming back as the computer hacker with the words a hat and he, his name
is Luther.
And, and so he, there's a scene like in Grand Central Station or something, I don't know,
some subway station where the girls meeting with Tom Cruise and everyone's listening
and their earpieces and, and then, and then the Tom Cruise is going, what about the hard
drive, what about the list of the hard drives with all the, all the lists of all the hard
drives on them?
And, and, and it's like, why did the prime minister want the thing, you're going to double
down on the hard drive?
And she's like, what do you think you're doing, you're playing right into his hand with the
hard drive.
You're going, you're going to make a, you're going to lose the list.
That's all you want.
She's playing into his hand.
Which character is this person?
Who's that?
She's like the femme fatale, like, you know, is she, who's side is she on?
What's she, what's she, does she, does she, can she do missions?
Like, you know, like, we don't know, like, am I six, am I nine, like what a CIA, we don't
know what's going on, everyone's, everyone's wearing a mask and, you know, and so she's
like, she's like, no, look out for that list, you're going to get that list for the guy.
And he's like, what if I don't get the list and she's like, well, then he's going to kill
you.
He's like, oh, that's, I'm going to have to blah, blah, blah.
And so then something happens and they go like, ow, ow, there's like a distraction.
And, and they, and they, and they take Simon Pegg, they kidnap him.
That was all women.
All women.
No.
He's adorable.
Yeah.
He might have been a couple of guys sounding like women, but that was all unanimous.
It might have been the woman inside a lot of men.
Yeah.
It's like, how can I make when Simon Pegg is kidnapped?
Um, the, I don't know why I'm staring.
There's nothing written on here.
The, the, the, the, the, the, but it's just, there's something funny happening.
Like, like, like Simon Pegg gets kidnapped and then it's a big crisis and Tom Cruise
is like, ah, they took Simon Pegg and, and it's like, I'm going to go get him.
And then, and then like, like, you, you, uh, uh, Jeremy Renner, you, you, you go get
the list or the binoculars and, uh, uh, uh, who's, who's, who's another guy.
There's another guy there.
It's like, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, Tom Scarec.
Tom Scarec, go, go, go buy some t-shirts to, to, to the, we have a paper trailer.
We were here.
Um, but then so they're all like scattering, but then Tom Cruise says, Luther, stay with
her.
So this girl is like a super karate like, like, like she's like 25 and can like fly
Like she's like, she's like, that's her gimmick is she can like,
like if you try to shoot her, she'll be like inside your gun.
And then, like, and then she's like giving you the Heimlich
from inside your gun.
And then she hands you the gun.
And then she's like, maybe you want to kill me.
And then you try to get the gun again, but now it's backward.
So you shoot yourself like, and she's just like,
she's just dancing all over the place and just like,
she just runs on your shoulders and, and just like walking on your hat.
And she's in your hat and then she's down your pants.
And, and out your zipper and just slapping you.
And she's, she's M.I.
Sex. I mean, that's what they, they train them for that.
Except Simon Pegg is not trained for that.
I think he's inside the guns.
The worst place to hide when someone's trying to shoot you.
You're overthinking it.
Okay.
She's a, she's a, she's a, she's a fierce combatant.
She's a young, agile, British lady with the grace of a, of a ballerina
and the lethality of a, of a, of a, of a, of a New York cop.
Uh, uh, uh, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on labor day.
I started like, oh, why don't you riff something topical that's deadly?
And then I was like, no, don't just don't.
So I, I, the, the, so, so she's like, spry.
And it's like something, some time Chris goes, Luther, stay with her.
Like, like as in keep her from going away.
Yeah.
Which is insane.
Like I laughed out loud.
I was like, Luther, stay with her.
Cause he was like, he's on the other side of the thing.
And it's because she might be a threat if we take her eyes off her.
Well, yeah, she can't be allowed to get away.
Like at all by any, by any means, no, cannot let her go.
Like, like it's very important that she stay where she is.
So he puts Bing Reims in charge of that.
But it's like, it's just kind of, he's 90 and he's 900 pounds.
And, and, and I, so it's already funny that just him saying Luther, stay with her.
Cause her gimmick is like that she can like walk on telephone wires.
And so, but then they just do this thing.
And I just, like they do this weirdly edited thing where like, I feel like
Bing Reims demanded this, like in his contract, when he saw the script, he's like, look,
it says Luther, stay with her.
And then she gets away.
Like, could we, could we, could we add a couple pages to the script?
Like, I make an effort.
Yeah. We're like, it's like, if she gets away, like she's lucky, she got away.
And so there's just this long shot.
It just keeps cutting back and forth between the girls sitting at a table.
So somebody's, somebody's helping out.
All right.
The, the, the girl's sitting at the table and it keeps cutting back and forth between
her and Bing Reims.
Who's like, he's dog paddling through people.
Like there's just like all of these people are like walking into him.
And he's just, they're like, and then it keeps cutting back to her.
And there's like five shots.
And she's sitting at a table.
Yeah.
And then they do a thing where it pans around somebody and then she's gone.
But he's a very large man and he, they shouldn't have left him in charge.
I told you, I don't, I don't have anything to talk about tonight.
Spencer, do you, do you have any Thanksgiving festivities?
Whoa.
All right.
I've been fired man.
No, I'm fired.
Where is the goddamn fucking liquor?
Oh, shit.
And I got some other reprimands.
What the hell was that goddamn Daft Punk shit you were playing before the show?
You just goddamn emo.
Dustin Marshall everybody.
It's Vernon Chapman from Wondership.
Oh, okay.
All right.
High-roaded.
He's a very brilliant comedy writer.
It was who?
Vernon Chapman.
Oh, I love Vernon Chapman.
That was his music?
Yeah.
I mean.
He's famous for his comedy.
And that was his music.
He also, he also might be famous for being a really good, a guy that does music.
It's not good to start a comedy show with before, before the thing.
He is awesome.
Vernon Chapman had one of my favorite openers of all time.
He came out on stage.
Vernon Chapman, everybody, he's super, if you don't know him, he's very deadpan.
Fantastic writer of great comic.
And he came out on stage at the Laugh Factory.
Applause, applause, applause, applause.
And he just looks at the crowd, like totally deadpan.
He says, Stephen Hawking, sure, he can talk the talk.
And stood there for two minutes to absolutely no acclaim.
The Laugh Factory crowd was not with that joke at all.
Oh, really?
Oh, no.
That's awful.
That was really funny.
Me and Fred Balford and Andy Kiddler in the background shitting ourselves.
Okay.
All right.
So there's one more thing written on here.
Now, I know I'm not going to garner any sympathy from those God knows,
not a Simon Pegg abduction level of...
Oh.
But I'm having a lot of trouble updating my iWatch software.
I thought you had forsaken the iWatch.
I had kind of thrown it in the garbage, basically.
Like I threw it in like a duffel bag and forgot about it.
So now it's like, now there's this new software for it.
So I was like, I'm going to put on the new software.
And I tried, but I can't do it.
And it won't work.
It keeps not working.
It keeps not installing the new software on the old watch.
And then I looked at the features.
It says in the iOS 2 for the watch, one of the features that it fixes is...
It says, fixes an issue that could cause software updates to stall.
Ziggy.
All right.
So what's your stance on the iWatch now?
You're wearing this only because there was an update
and you wanted to see what was what?
Well, yeah, I got excited about it.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I thought I'd give you another chance.
You're a little, you're a little fucker.
Can you talk to Siri on it?
Can we have a conversation with it?
Hey, Siri.
Siri.
Does she not do it?
I talked to your watch, your phone now.
What's my phone?
Siri.
Hey, Siri, help me turn on my watch.
Siri, can you turn on my watch?
Surprisingly, that is not within my capability.
Surprisingly, indeed.
Dan, do you know that you can have Siri refer to you as whatever you want?
Yeah, I do.
What does Siri call you?
Hey, Siri, what do you currently call me?
I can't answer that.
No, it's fine.
We're among friends.
I'm sorry.
Siri, I would like you to call me by my name.
From now on, I'll call you by my name.
Ziggy.
Great.
So now we'll never know that that erases what you used to be called.
Ask her what she used to call you.
Siri, what did you use to call me?
This is about you, not me.
Yes, precisely.
How do you get her, what's a surefire way to get her to say,
like, what's something that she'll always say your name?
What, no, Siri, what's my name?
You're Dan, but you asked me to call you master.
Wait, let me see if I can get my hand going to her.
Sure, boy.
Siri, what's my name?
Oh, no.
Oh, sorry, it wasn't that.
She's pouting.
Siri, what's my name?
All right, this has been the technology quarter.
Let's try it.
We can edit all this out.
Siri, I'm sorry.
Siri, what's my name?
You're Jeff, but you asked me to call you ambassador of good times.
All right, well, this is very tunneling, huh?
We're afraid I don't know a lot about each other.
Spencer, do you want to have Siri retitle you?
Oh, no, no.
I have the only thing that I can contribute to this
is that my good friend, Symphony,
which is a ridiculous name in the first place,
told her cell phone to call her Princess Kit Nipples,
but it misheard her and thought it was she was saying
Princess Spencer Crittenden Nipples.
So that's what it calls her.
I'm changing my.
Siri, from now on, call me Princess Spencer Crittenden Nipples.
I don't know if it'll work.
From now on, I'll call you Princess Spencer Crittenden Nipples.
Oh, there you go.
Wonderful.
See, aren't you glad you came out through the parade traffic?
Hey, Nathan Bradford isn't here.
Is he?
No, I thought there was this guy on Twitter who was like,
I couldn't remember if he was coming here tonight.
I think he's he's he does beats.
I thought maybe he'd do a little beat boxing
because he does his own beat box.
But he's not here.
We have a freelance beat boxer right here.
Well, I beat box too, but maybe a beat box battle.
Oh, I mean, maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe if things get a little slow.
All right.
You mean we shouldn't do it on the heels of that hot Siri thing that we just did?
Let's do it.
Let's do a segment called ask me anything about my mannequin leg at home.
Let's just do let's just do questions.
You heard references to me having a mannequin leg at home.
And now's your chance to get to the bottom of it with systematic questions.
Because I found out recently answering them makes me feel better about myself.
All right.
What do you want to know?
Yes, sir.
Yes, it's just a leg.
A leg.
How many?
Just just one, madam.
I think you said you've got multiple mannequins.
I do have multiple mannequins, but this is not a question and answer session about my
multiple mannequins.
I'm not I'm not offended by questions about my multiple mannequins, but I have recently
bought two full mannequins, one one that lays supine and propped up on its elbows.
Like it's like reading a book and then one that's like on its knees with its hands on
hips and its head back.
I'm assuming that's for like summer wear.
They're only like a hundred bucks.
And I got a couple.
They don't really they don't really work for what for your for your knees.
I thought I thought I thought I thought if I thought I could dress them up and like rub
on them or something like funnel them.
Like I like fully clothed women with agency.
So a mannequin would be right out then that would that would what what do you mean right
out because they don't come fully clothed.
No, no mannequins don't have agency.
Oh, well, they I pretend they do.
I project it out of them.
Okay.
Like the way I dress them implies agency.
Like they're fancy.
Okay.
And I'm just a shlub.
But you're saying that it's not getting the job done for you.
Well, it's just like a big, you know, it's like a stiff thing.
And you know, you know, I already did the real doll thing.
And I just I can't go down that road again.
This is so sad when they die.
Like this is like I also just this big crate, you know, and the guys that deliver the crate
are so bummed out.
And you just want to tell them what's in there just to make their day, but you can't.
So they assume it's like just barbells or something.
Maybe they know, you know, but at any rate, they're going to take it up the stairs.
So you only had the one real doll back in the old days, right?
Right.
You haven't got a second one yet.
No.
So here's the thing.
All right. So the one the mannequin leg, though, the one that I've had forever.
It's this plastic.
I should have brought it.
But then you'd be like, he's that's a thing that you've come on.
Yes, it's a it's a plastic.
It's specifically designed for the display of hosiery.
But it's like it's not so you don't even see him anymore.
I found I tracked this down at a warehouse like 15 years ago.
And there were two of them originally, madam, an answer to your question.
Back in the old department, back in Hollywood.
Yes, I was back in the apartment in Hollywood and I found two like like like like plastic,
hollow, like life size, woman's legs.
Does one's fully extended and the other's bent.
And then you you're supposed to have a store.
I don't.
And then you're supposed to put like hosiery on him and say, look,
we look at this hosiery would look on your leg.
And and then I just but I went out to this warehouse and I like bottom.
And I was like, I want these.
And they're like, OK.
And I was like, it's for an exhibit.
And they're like, we didn't ask.
And I just I like I put I put Haynes silk reflections.
Panty house.
We have a hand up over here.
OK, sorry.
Go ahead, ma'am.
Yes.
No, the question was, did I paint their toenails?
No, I did not.
Interesting.
Yes, sir.
Sir, this is a guy who wants to know real practical information about this.
He wants to know when I put the pantyhose on him,
what's the lifespan before they have to be replaced?
How many uses is he knows like how easily they get a run in them and right.
Or he wants to know, do I instantly come on them all the time?
And no, I don't.
I kind of I kind of do that as a little treat.
Like, like, like.
Like I treat to whom?
To me.
OK, all right.
Typically, sir, I would say the average pair of hosiery that I would put on.
Oh, by the way, I'm down.
I'd lost the fully extended one.
Just go through like eight different relationships.
And each one, the girlfriend says, what are these?
And then like over over time, they just sort of like like tiles on the space shuttle.
You're kind of like, it's amazing that I still have this.
Like I have the one that takes up less space.
So it's like it's like the bent one, which is not the cooler one.
I really liked having both of them.
That mannequin existed before Aaron.
But that was around you.
Oh, yeah, a million years ago.
And that that was hidden around your place during the thing?
Well, not hidden.
I've never I'm not a dishonest man.
And so if you move in with me, you find this thing and you go, what's going on?
Hey, jeez, you guys, I mean, what in the world here?
They're so enthralled with the show, but they just want to talk about it.
Like, what are you doing?
I think there's just a kind of a room before the thing came up.
They're just no, they're they're bad people.
Who's being bad people right now, right?
No, no, no, no.
All right, I'll fucking sort them right out.
The I think I'm assuming the conversation is like, why does he why does he keep talking?
When's the show going to start?
I know there's a community around community.
I don't know what to do.
Come on, I don't want to.
Well, because you want to.
I know you.
So I just know you got $10.
I think it's probably more like honey, tell them about your mannequin.
I think it's like that.
Anyways, all right.
Okay.
So you got that you got the old school man.
You bought new mannequins recently or no?
Like I suppose I bought new mannequins recently.
But the the the old yellow, the old the old stalled faithful.
The one that the only thing that really works.
Why is it yellow?
Why do you call it that then?
It's not yellow.
Oh, sir.
I think the answer is like, I don't know.
Let's see.
Let's say let's let's say we let's say a week and a half.
I don't know.
Okay.
Well, yeah, because here's what I do.
Because here's the question you're not answering.
What do you do?
I rub rub the toe on my nipple.
And then jerk off with the other hand.
Every time without variation.
Thank you.
Every time.
Every every time.
Thank you.
I rub the toe on my nipple.
And then I come.
And then every week and a half I come on the leg.
Because I'm like, I think a part of me is like,
why are you doing this?
Stop it.
But is that 100% of the time that's always what happens?
Or do you shake it up?
Is there other things?
No, one time.
You put a sharpie in the ass.
A swat team came in the window.
What?
No, I'm saying is it every time you masturbate that the toe and the nipple are happening?
Or you're saying if the mannequin leg is involved,
there is a nipple toe rub happening?
Well, I don't understand the difference between those two scenarios.
My question is, it every, no, okay.
Let's say you masturbate a hundred times.
And I do.
A hundred of those are mannequin legs with toe rub?
No, no, no, no, no.
God, no, no.
Okay.
I know.
And now I understand what you're asking.
No, this is like when you go jogging,
do you always put the sports band on your arm and with the apple shuffle and the special hat?
I don't know how you jog.
I want to know more about your special hat.
And this is like, this is like, you know, no, I believe me.
I can rub one out.
Like, it's just, just nothing.
It's just with my mind alone.
So this is, when you get into a certain mood, you go, oh, now's the time to take out the mannequin,
put some Mahane's reflective.
Yeah, you get a little hankering.
Yeah, yeah.
Like, I'm going to treat myself today.
But when that happens and when it's the mannequin leg and the hosiery,
and you're rubbing the toe of the mannequin leg on your nipple and you're,
as you discussed earlier, kneeling down, right?
Yeah, I'm a kneeler.
Okay.
Is that, is that solid gold?
Does it work every time?
Or sometimes you go, oh, fuck, I'm not feeling it today.
It's not, it's not working.
It's, I didn't, uh.
And then you start yelling at the leg.
Like elsewhere engine in Deadwood.
What's wrong with you?
Uh, no, it, it pretty much, it really works.
I mean, it's not like a button that makes it happen automatic.
I just like, at this point, it's probably kind of habit.
You know, I'm not even sure.
I guess it feels, I should paint the toenail.
But you know, like, it's been suggested by the bad person.
What are the bad people?
All right, I'm glad you're invested though.
That's good.
I feel like they were invested to the point where they were murmuring,
like they were having a sidebar about what you're talking about.
Well, obviously I'm a little vulnerable up here.
So if I hear people talking while I'm talking,
then I'm going to be like, well, this, if this can't interest you,
what, my God, it's, it's, I'm like, well, what can I,
what else can I do?
It's like, it's, it's, it's, it's like if as they drove the,
the last nail in Jesus, yeah, I'll make the analogy.
It's, it's, it's as if like, like, like, like the last nail went in.
And then, and then, and then they're like, oh, your hand is, uh, uh,
so easily nailed through, you suck.
And he'd be like, come on, I've done enough.
It hurts.
I think it's a fair analogy.
Sorry, say what?
Do they have shoes or can they get away?
Wait, they can't get away.
They're, they're inanimate, but, uh, I have tried putting shoes on them,
but the, but the foot is like, it's too, you try,
I try, I've tried to like get shoes and like put them on to see if
that would like maybe get me a little jazzed or something.
Because then I get like, take the shoe off.
Wait, wait, wait, the guy that said that is your angle that like,
you're putting high heels on so they can't get away.
But like, what if he put like running shoes on them?
The finger angle was, huh?
I think, sporty, right?
Yeah.
So I, yeah, I don't, I'm not into high heels, by the way.
No, I think we discussed that.
Yeah, I don't get that.
I don't understand the high heels.
They're so high.
But you, what are you saying?
You're, what are you, you're just being glib.
Well, I mean, I'm being literal.
Your table is so small.
I know, I feel so vulnerable on my right flank right now.
It's, it's a real strategic nightmare.
I mean, I understand that the, the, I guess, you know, the.
Repel borders.
I guess the idea is that your heels, you're always on your tip toes.
And when you're on your tip toes, I guess your butt looks better.
I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't get it.
Like, but we heard a guy yell out, he doesn't like high heels in there.
Guy, guys, or gals, who doesn't like high heels by applause?
They don't like them.
Those are the people that don't.
Well girls don't.
They don't like them.
Yeah.
Who, who is it?
All right.
A plot, if you're like a big, if it really trips your trigger, the high heel thing.
But that's probably, we should probably double that.
Cause some people just don't want to, they don't want to like cheer
because you feel like you're in a Bud Light commercial.
I would go, I'm going to double that applause.
Who's in, who's in the butt?
Based on Bud Light commercials.
More people in the butt plugs and high heels.
You know what?
You, you can, you could, you could combine those two.
All right.
So, so I've opened up a little bit.
So I thought since it's Thanksgiving, like who, who here is coming off of like a really
particularly awkward Thanksgiving for any particular reason?
All right.
That hand shot up in the, in he mood.
Do you want to come up here and share your, your, your bad
Thanksgiving or awkward Thanksgiving?
Awkward goat mover.
Here we come.
What's your name, sir?
What's your name?
I'm Gage.
Gage.
Gage, everybody.
Gage, do me a favor.
Face, turn your butt toward the cameras.
And let's talk about what the terrible catastrophe that happened to your pockets.
Is this by design?
He was chased here by Coyote.
And he just made it.
Haven't you learned Spencer's way to fend off wolves from all angles?
I'm getting a little bit better at it.
All right.
I happened to buy these pants like right before I went out to Joshua tree and ended
up like sliding down a bunch of rocks.
Okay.
So I'm happily hearing that you did not buy these that way.
These actually, no, no, no, no, this is real wear and tear.
This is real wear and tear like the day of purchase too.
Really?
Yeah.
So you was a Joshua tree.
Were you doing drugs and things out there in the desert?
Oh yeah.
Would you do acid?
A little bit of LSD.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
How'd it go?
Fantastic.
Yeah.
So you, you just are sliding down those, those groovy rocks and you just,
it's hard to destroy denim.
You have to really do a lot of butt sliding.
You got to do a real number on them.
And you did.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, that's why we love you, Gage.
I didn't, I did mushrooms up there in that, their desert.
And it's just terrified the whole time that, that my girlfriend was going to die because
she was running around like a goddamn maniac.
Look at the rocks.
They're alive.
I'm like, motherfucker, you're alive.
And I'm freaking out.
The snake's out here.
Bitch. Every, every time I do mushrooms is like the gravity gets turned up to 11.
LSD is a good adventure.
I could just picture, I mean, it's just like so, like, I just, like, it's the injury thing.
Like I just, I can't, I just, I can just so easily picture.
And for some reason, this isn't intentional.
I never, I don't think I've ever been attracted to a, I've never ended up in a
relationship with a, with a, with a, I have to try, I don't want to insult anybody that I've
been in a relationship with, but I, they're typically very clumsy women.
Like they're very, very charming and funny and smart.
And then like, like, like, like almost always to just like, like extra, like, and I just,
like, I've spent my relationship terrified that they're going to, I mean, Aaron, like I,
we've talked about this, like she was just always like, like making shit and then leaning
out windows and hanging it.
And then she'd go like, oh, I fell out the window while you were gone.
And like, I just like, just like, I just, oh, I just like, because I know what I just
don't feel like I'm going to have the, the, the capacity to deal with an injury.
I had to physically restrain my girl from this weekend from crawling inside a dumpster with
a family of raccoons.
We were, she was crawling in a dumpster that already had a family of raccoons in it,
or she had ganged up with a family of raccoons.
And she was like, let's, let's go storm that.
No, you should have stopped her from joining a family of raccoons.
She hadn't yet curried their favor.
That was my problem.
She was, it was like an initiation.
She was getting jumped in by the, by the, by the, by the Palm Springs.
Did she heed your warning or did she go, did she go right ahead?
No, that's why I had to physically restrain her.
No, so we were, we were up in Big Bear for the week.
We took a week off and just went up and we also happened to have taken a little bit of
LSD and we're just hanging out and we, we went down to our car to get something.
And we, we heard this like ruckus from inside this big metal cage of dumpsters.
And she's like, I think there's a bunch of rats right there.
I'm like, no, we got eight angry raccoons staring right at us.
And she just crawls down to her knees and starts inching her way towards them
as they're like angrily bearing her down.
I'm like, babe, I know you think that you're about to be accepted by a family of raccoons,
but it's four AM and this is about to become everybody else's problem.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's the thing about injuries.
Yeah, if you get all fucked up, you fall off a rock and hit your head,
then you get to spend the rest of the night, uh, like,
not before you know it.
And everyone's like, well, how do I festering raccoons?
Do you put a tourniquet on a head?
She, she's so beautifully, uh, naive.
The world that she lives in is one where she could instantly become friends
with a family of angry raccoons.
Well, raccoons are deceptively adorable.
Like they, they, they look, they look adorable, but they, like, they, they,
they, if you go near them, they, yeah, they cock their head at you and go, stop.
Yeah.
Like they don't have any, they eventually get bored and walk away.
Like they size you up.
Are there any accounts, are there any accounts of people being mauled or attacked by raccoons?
Well, dogs, like, like, that's why we, yeah, because like, like, we had a raccoon coming
in our doggy door and, uh, at home and, uh, and then Aaron went online and like,
if you type dog raccoon, it's just fucking photo rolls of pictures of, you know,
just cause they got, they got, like, they're like monks in D&D.
They got little, they got little, they got little people hands.
Yeah.
They got little, they got little human.
And they're not little people.
You know what else has a little people hands that aren't people?
chimpanzees and look what they do.
They get in there.
They, they rip their face off.
Eyeballs and, eyeballs and nuts.
The very next night we had like, there was a, like, the same group of eight raccoons
were literally beating the shit out of each other outside of our door and making an insane.
You think it was infighting?
It was like, Hey, Jerry, uh, that woman wanted to join our group.
You fucking fleshed up on her.
All right.
So Thanksgiving, uh, where, where, where, where did you spend it?
Uh, I did, I did two separate ones.
I did one with my girlfriend's family and then one with my family.
Your girlfriend is played by Reese Witherspoon and your Vince Vaughn.
All right.
For purposes of.
I was going to go Joaquin Phoenix.
I was, it's a, I'm, I should not talk.
Okay.
So proceed.
Uh, it was an, it was, it was overall a pretty great Thanksgiving.
But, uh, what?
Get out of here.
You're all, uh, dare you.
Uh, she, uh, she was a little taken aback.
My parents have gone through a little bit of like a, uh, sexual renaissance since I've left
the house and have started hanging out with a lot of very, uh, swingy type people.
And, uh, the whole Thanksgiving was, uh, was, I think pushing her boundaries a little bit.
Hmm.
Wait.
So your parents were like, like actively flirting with other couples during Thanksgiving?
Yeah.
That's pretty active.
So there's swingy, the swingy couples were there as well.
Like, like breaking the wishbones with them.
There's a lot of ass grabbing and crotch fondling.
Really?
Yeah.
Like, like, like actual ass grabbing and crotch fondling at like, like in the, in the middle
of the Thanksgiving preparation area, uh, it's called the kitchen then.
But it's, but you ever cooked a turkey?
But I would, I would be approved if I said in the kitchen.
Like, but once a year that area is sacred.
I mean, there's traffic.
There's kids could come through with choo-choo trains.
You don't, you don't, you don't run a choo-choo train through ass grabbing country.
If you're a kid, you do.
They don't know no better.
Um, the kids have all moved out.
That's why they, that's why they brought things into this territory.
Gage, were you already hip to this?
You knew this was already happening?
I've had my suspicions for a while.
I still haven't actually like come out and ask like, what's going on here?
But, but you're pretty certain that's what's going down.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
And so how, how are you with that?
You, you, you can fine with it.
You're, you're cool.
Yeah.
Your girlfriend who recently tried to be friend raccoons was like,
this is a bridge too far for me.
Human contact seems very strange right now.
Raccoon sexuality.
Whole different ball.
Yeah.
They got little people hands.
Huh.
All right.
Who, who, who can beat that?
So let's have a, let's have a terrible Thanksgiving battle.
All right.
That's the guy you were sitting next to.
Is that a friend of yours?
Nope.
Okay.
It seems like a cool guy.
Do you want to come up here buddy?
Okay.
And all right, come on up.
No, you stay.
Just in case you need to defend your, your, your belt.
Okay.
All right.
Well, it's not getting any less hip is it?
Because there's no appellants coming up here.
As an exciting hat you have on
Thank you. Thank you. It's warm. It's definitely warm. It's been chilly out. What's your name? My name's Robert Robert
Oh, okay. Well, that's that's a twist
Yeah, well shit should have been like satchel
Played runner paper bag paper bag
I feel like that's all you got Gen X parents are like they named their kids are like feck
Blar
They're just kind of like fuck it
Anyways Robert. Okay, so let us have it both barrels
Well, I just moved to Los Angeles from all the way in New York
And I'm staying with a friend's family and I just didn't know a single person. It was just like, yeah
I'm just this 20-something dude who's eating all your turkey and drinking all of your beer and
Just being that's fun though. I did that
I like being the interloper
It definitely had its benefits because I didn't have to talk to anyone
But also you're constantly grateful which is what you're supposed to be for Thanksgiving
And it's like it's a huge challenge to me in a normal Thanksgiving
You're like when you're with your family and you're like, uh, I don't know
I'm not dead yet, I guess
But but then you like someone welcomes you in your in their home and you're like really I can have bread Wow
That's true. That's true. They were incredibly nice, but
It's just like I didn't have any I didn't know if I had any common ground with them because it was just like
What am I gonna talk about can't talk about politics? That's always that's always at family gatherings
Yeah, especially when there's an openly fascist presidential candidate in the in the lead
Religion that always works. Yeah. Yeah, well, so I mean, what's are you saying?
Are you do you have a little a little example taste because so far gauge is got a cooler name and
Like
Age I kind of wish I was named paperback. Yeah, so so far gauges in the lead because his parents were fondling other other people
Right, that's also that's also hard to follow. That's also hard to follow. I just had kind of entry-level entry-level awkwardness
Peppered with oh my god, it's not snowing. Thank you. Thank you
All right. All right. Well, let's try one more. We got a hand over there. I think I got this. I got the slot machine
I'm warmed up now. Oh, okay. Joker. Joker. Good. Good. We also have a okay. Good. That's good
Come on stage. I was gonna say we have a gender balance now
But now 40% of the time you say oh, we have a gender balance and then you go hi
My name is Mike and I like like like like now. I'm offended and you're micro-aggressing me and
The but but what's your name? My name is Heather. Heather. Okay. Thank you Heather
What's that? What was your what was your Thanksgiving about?
so I've been in LA almost three years and
originally from outside of Atlanta and
My family is I don't know one of the reasons why I'm drawn to Harmontown
I think is we we don't know how to say we love each other or you know
just general
manifesting the fact that like we're okay with each other in the world and
so I
Haven't talked to my family for like a couple months because I only try to call them on the the holidays and the expectations and stuff like that so I
Actually sent out a Facebook message like basically like a plea for help like hey
I'm sad and alone in LA and who wants to invite me to Thanksgiving and
Gratefully some people actually invited me here and I had a really really lovely time invited you to LA to meltdown
Oh, okay had Thanksgiving here. Wow. Oh, what was going on here?
Just why wasn't I invited to this?
I don't know well, but um, but the more demolish was not to like, you know, sorry
But we don't know but was that wasn't a real there was a dinner here
No, we ordered Thai food so like today when I ordered pick up like somebody was like, oh, how was your Thanksgiving?
I was like, oh, it was great. Oh, did you have turkey and all that?
No, but thanks for making me want to cry again. Cool. Um, so that's that's not that guy
Yeah, so no, no, no, it's cool. And that's why I tipped him $2, you know, it's cool, you know on a $9 bill
So it's just totally fine. So um, so yeah, so like I took 10 minutes and I went outside and like okay
I'm gonna call my parents and so we had like this. I don't know. I'm
10 minutes probably over playing it probably six and a half minute conversation where I kind of realized that apparently my sister's not talking to me
but I don't know why
and um, I
Found out because I wanted to compliment her on her hairstyle
Who knows she's not coming to the phone. So um, we're like we're like cousins you and me
So then it was like just this awkward like I want to say like 45 seconds where we just all sat on the phone
No one's saying
And it's like
Okay, well, I
Love you. Yeah, and I like and so then I come back in and I'm like, okay
It's cool. It's cool. You're having a good day
You're with people like you're finally like get into a point in LA where you have friends. That's cool
Like don't it's okay. So then I like post something on Facebook to feel like I'm part of culture and
Okay, it's the only
Everyone else is saying something great about Thanksgiving. So I'm gonna be like hey
I'm really grateful. This is my best LA Thanksgiving yet
I got to hang out at meltdown comics and you know, watch awesome movies and blood just like bullshit bullshit bullshit
Like some likes or whatever my dad responds with a frowny face
Sorry Gage and Robert
Yeah, we have a winner
This is our new Thanksgiving tradition Heather gets
80 81 dollars
I'll take it cuz I am so broke
Yeah, she also gets a DVD of Inglorious Bastards starting Brad Pitt, you know what here's my shirt take my shirt
Fuck you Robert
Gage you're all right
Robert listen to Gage's story and then came up with that
I was an ungrateful Thanksgiving guest
All right, well everybody else like had I mean your your Thanksgiving sounded I couldn't even tell you the worst part of mine
Because I gave you my real name
Sadness meter had to come back down for Thanksgiving. I don't know
Gage, we've got what do we miss? What was the worst part?
I know you can't now you can't say because you gave us a real name, but give us like can you well
Yeah, I'll circle around what you're talking about. Well, she doesn't she doesn't listen to this show. This is the girlfriend
Yeah, it's a raccoon raccoon lady. Yeah, okay the raccoon lady
I love so much. Let's all make an agreement that we won't Chevy chase this everyone's gonna fucking keep it
We're gonna keep it to ourselves. We're never gonna tell raccoon lady that this happened
I got a call last night that she's pregnant
We don't really know what we're gonna do yet Heather just gave I
Split it money
How much did she give you?
$40
Going to college
All right, raccoon college. Let's let's send Gage and Robert down and keep Heather up here cuz there's a
You guys aren't bad people thank you Gage and Robert
God knows Gage has a
Mountains ahead to climb but
You know, I don't want to play favorites, but I mean
There's a vibe here. I
Appreciate it. You're like you're my brother from another mother. I thought that you really all day on Thursday. I was like
If you just can make it to Sunday, it's gonna be fine. It's gonna be fine
Really, I I'm a part of you keeping you going. Oh, you have no idea. Oh, yeah. Well, I mean this
It scares me though
On your shoulders because I know how fucking much that sucks, right?
That's the thing is you know how you would receive that if I said that to you. So then that makes me know that you're yeah
That's that it makes it fine. Yeah. Yeah
What's nice?
What do you what do you what do you what are you into?
You like diehard
You know like I'm into comedy and I like cartoons and
I
Drawing and stuff and I do you're an artist
I'm trying to get better at saying yes to that question
Because it's like I grew up in a geography and a time where that wasn't a real thing that you went out and did
And I'm not professionally an artist like I don't make money as an artist
No, I
Mean once upon a time. Yeah, like oh, I like in a dream world. Yes, but um, I mean realistically at this stage in my life like
I'm paying my bills and I
I'm making it as like
Are you do you think you're kind of good at drawing? I'm kind of good at drawing. Yeah, what do you like to draw?
When you like you like you doodle when you're like on the phone and stuff or I would you doodle like
Like compulsively like some people do I'm not compulsive like some people
And I know what you're talking about like like that kind of like I'm jealous of those people who like like need to be drawing
Yeah, that's one of the reasons why
But
That's one of the reasons why I thought maybe I'm not an artist because I had somebody say that to me once like well
If you can if you can just get through the day and you don't have to draw
Yeah, fuck that shit. No, that's that's that's a horrible thing to say. Okay. Maybe I'm not an artist
But like, you know, you have a Mickey Mouse in your shirt like a lot of our friends are
Drawy types and I don't think that they would ever walk on the street and say hi
I'm an artist some might and some might not but I think a lot of our friends like
Whether they be
Animators or actors or musicians or whatever would would be very bashful about saying that they're artists
I talked to this guy. I talked to a photographer over the weekend who I met
It was a very interesting conversation because I'm not a visual person at all
I was like I was always I'm always interested to talk to like artists and photographers and stuff
The and he was talking late into the night as the as the booze hit and the
You know things got headier and deeper and sadder
He started talking about how, you know, there's all these things he wants to do with his photography, but like
Every like every once in a while. He's like, oh my god. I'm the worst fucking hack in the world. I suck
I'm the worst. I'm like a joke. It's it's incredible that I ever took myself seriously
I'm a fucking nuisance on society and then and then the next day. He'll be like, oh wow
I'm I'm actually really good. I'm great and and and I was like, you know
That's like a piston going up and down like you don't want to be somebody who's just like even keeled about what they do
If you're a creative like you want to be
Frankly bipolar like you like like whatever no offense to bipolar people
But I mean like you want to be literally have two poles because that's what an engine has it good
It's exploding one minute, and then it's not exploding the next minute. It's like and that's why the car goes vroom vroom, you know
I ended up talking to
It's one of my friends. She's my ex
Who I realized this week maybe that's the function of an ex is like because I've heard you tell stories about how your
Friends with some of your exes or that you at least all of them
Yeah, like I'm starting to realize like what a wonderful thing that is in your life because these are people that know you so well and
Can say
Anything to you now because you don't have anything left to lose. Yeah, and so I don't know
I was just kind of telling her about my shitty
Emotional reaction of Thanksgiving and her point was a
When have they said that they're proud of you ever like why do you keep expecting to hear that?
Because that's never something that's happened
You know it's just not good like they love you
But it's just they're never gonna say it in the words that you want to hear and then be would you be the ambitious creative person?
You are if they had
Manifest this love in the way that you want it to be manifest right and I was a conditional love pretty good pretty good for creative people
I think
I mean, I don't want to I don't want to you know
I'm sure there's there I also meet a lot of people that seem really talented and they're like, oh, I love my parents
We're given a camera wise could you just move down closer to death so we can get you guys on a sexy two-shot
All right, so right well, okay, there's two things we can do we'll do them in this order
So do you want to try an exercise that my therapist did with me once sure, okay?
It might make you cry though. All right, okay, but I'm probably not that good
She spent years of training, but I'm good at crying. So all right, so
Okay, so
So imagine yourself
Maybe it might help if you close your eyes. She should we all be doing this or just just well
No, you can just participate. I guess but if you all talk at the same time, that'll be weird
You know like when Tom Cruise has to hold his breath for three minutes y'all kind of hold your breath
Yeah, it's like like then halfway through it. You're like, okay, and then you just watch the rest of the movie
The the I never even I hold I always hope my breath like what or before the guy goes into the water
Because I was like and I still can't even make that gap because it's like you got three minutes to diffuse that underwater bomb
And I'm like, and then he's like
He's not done saying like wish me luck and I'm like
I've never I've never done I've never tried I always do that really if you show me a movie where a guy has to hold his breath
applause people do that Wow
Because I always want to just measure like when I'd be dead
If in a movie someone said okay, you have to hold your breath for three minutes
I would just go oh, I know I can't do that like I could maybe do a minute and I'd be bummed out
And that's why I would just not they don't always say it
They don't always call it out, but you can see that they're gonna go into water. They're like, oh, that's all under water
I was gonna be underwater scene. So I'm like, okay
I want to see if I could and I'm just sitting at a couch and the guy's going like that
I can't even go like this without running out of breath
So joke so it's all right. It's all right cry exercise. All right Thanksgiving
Exercise, okay for all of you like fractured people close your eyes. Okay, you are you you're the adult you
You are in the home that you were in when you were a child
But you're adult you
The home that your bedroom was in when you were let's say
10 years old
So picture that home
You're in it
somewhere
living room
kitchen
Those are the two possibilities
So somewhere in this home is the bedroom that you slept in when you were 10
So now you're gonna walk
Slowly to that door of that bedroom
I say slowly so that you can really picture it like because you remember what the carpet looked like you remember the walls
Little Chachke's whatever
Now you get to the door and you're gonna open it and
Your 10 year old self is sitting in their bedroom on the bed
So picture who you were when you were 10
You are who you are now
Now
You at home do this in your own head, but Heather will you describe that child physically?
In a lot of ways, I guess it's what I'm trying to emulate now
Small always been small for my age long brown hair bangs
No glasses yet
Not cuz I didn't need them just cuz I didn't have any health insurance and we didn't realize it
Shared the room with my sister
In a queen bed
So 10 year old Heather's sitting there what might she typically be doing
Drawing
So she's drawing now you're gonna sit down on the bed a comfortable distance from her
Your adult self look at your 10 year old self
What what do you think of her?
Like don't say what you think you're supposed to say like
Judge her or or praise her. What do you really think of her? Oh?
I wish I could tell her that it doesn't you don't have to be so afraid that you're gonna spend the next 25 years being afraid and
And you don't have to but is she afraid now?
10 at 10. Yes
Yes
Absolutely scared shitless, so she's a fearful person
Maybe for good reasons
So alright, so now speak to her now now say like you judge you judge your appraiser or whatever
You thought those things but now tell her what you think an adult should tell her
I'll be so confident believe yourself
This sounds like so much bullshit like what so many people say to like say to yourself, but absolutely the truth like
Trust your gut
Stop stop thinking that
That somebody else's approval matters
Great perfect Thanksgiving
All right now my second idea
Now I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do a Thanksgiving wrap and
And Heather you seem like a you seem like a smart person like what I'd like you to do is try to like
Like you know how Vincent Price like in thriller like he comes in and goes
scary spiders and
goblins
Like it's a Thanksgiving wrap, so like I want you to just come in you don't have to rhyme
Prefer if you didn't and just kind of like just
Uncork and just kind of like just just talk the way you do and your cadence just kind of like you have to say it
Like Vincent Price. No, no, no, no
No, I'd rather just be yourself and just kind of but just kind of like an amp maybe an amped up version of yourself for that
It's like I just kind of like babble for a little bit like it's like I'm pushing a Heather button
And you're just kind of like talking about
No, yeah, whenever I I'll like I'll cue you. I think like I'll wrap for a little bit
Things to look for as I'm probably gonna talk about fucking people's mamas and
It's a good chance. I'm gonna rhyme the words south and mouth
I'm gonna try not to because I like to try always trying to stretch myself but
But but but but then after a couple verses
I'll I kind of then if I if I'm faltering like if I stop or point at you or whatever and then just like just just like do
Like a little just a little rambly monologue if it could be free association or just like anything a story or just random words or
Doesn't absolutely doesn't matter just free flow
Thanksgiving anxiety, but not even Thanksgiving like it does it. I mean like family anxiety. All right. Okay. All right, so
All right, you ready? Yeah
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
Turkey to the left turkey to the right. I'm going Thanksgiving tonight. I'm gonna get in the car gonna go to my house. I'm gonna
He's best yourself
I
Sorry, I'm limited on my beats tonight. I'm gonna try a different be here. Okay. Yeah, I think that beat was bad
Yeah, yeah, that's more by anxiety right there. Really? Okay. You know, okay? Well, it's kind of
I
Kind of like the first one I thought oh, oh, oh, oh wait this one. I think this one's gonna be good. Okay. Yo
All right, give me some more in the come on can't hear it come on
Oh Steve Levyme come out be a hype man Steve Levyme hype man
You know how to do it now, right, but leave me you're gonna start it off. You're gonna hype it up
Just got off the rep. All right, everybody give it up for
Why why should they because he's the fucking best
Seems perfunctual like
Like like give specific
Like why am I the best?
Talk about how his beats flow or his rhymes compare me to other emcees or or yeah
he's like Eminem meets I
Don't know rappers clearly
Okay, he's like Jerry Garcia meets
MC Hammer
Okay, that's actually pretty pretty apt. All right
All right world's best hype man Steve Levyme. Oh good. Oh, and now keep hyping later, too
But yeah, but don't step on Heather how to become this person
Turkey
mashed potatoes
Fuck your mama so hard to it. Okay
All right, just give me a service happen. It's only just getting warmed up people. That's good. That's good
Okay, now it's just a little bit just kill a little more
Fucking late on them. Come on. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Why should I deserve it because they're loyal fans. All right
Let's go turkeys only have two legs
Thanks. Give me some time. You don't have to beg. Yeah, I can't hear the beat. Come on. Come on. All right. Yeah
T to the H to the A-N-K I fucked your mama so hard down the special day
commemorating pilgrims and genocide
Mama so hard litter pussy got wide don't step on the rhymes ever
That was a good one
That's the opposite of hype to step on the
Part of it. All right, just okay
Indians don't column Indians
Native Americans
Fighting the pilgrims then they said hey, we're nice and the pilgrims said
Put you on ice with
the smallpox
Get out of this barrel Harmon
Okay, go ahead ladies and gentlemen
Nino
Maria
Mayflower. I didn't see you
Fuck your mama. Fuck your dad
I went to Salem when the ride was bad and drew plastic acid on it. They saw witches are coming with all my turkey bitches
Got a east coast because the coast is the most especially when there's no other coast yet
So thanksgiving is great and thanksgiving is fine and sometimes you think I just want someone to like me a little
And maybe I would like it if I heard my mom say hey, I'm proud
But then I think well at least I didn't go to some thanksgiving where my mom is trying to fuck some stranger
Cuz that would make me feel kind of awkward and maybe like I wouldn't want to go home as much either
So I guess it's good that we can just say hey and call each other once in a while
And you know, I'll like call again on Christmas
I think it's the hype whomever he pleases and we bring it back
Oh, man, let's go
mashed potatoes
Yo take the ferry from Staten Island to Manhattan
Mama so hard 9-eleven. Okay. Oh
Shit, it's actually 9-eleven. Yeah, well, that's not that's not
God damn it. I didn't get any good rhymes in
All right, fine, you know, it's we'll try it we'll try it later. All right, thank you
I thought Heather really broke it down there. Yeah, let's have a hand for Heather
All right, no take the shirt. I mean, I'm not assuming you want it, but be weird to bail on that
So she got eighty one dollars forty of what she gave away to gauge
Yeah, you're right
And then she got a shirt and a DVD of Inglorious bastards. Yeah, that's a fucking big haul
And I gave her the shirt off my back literally and and Robert was like yeah
I went to some people's house and like I wasn't very grateful and
Then gauge was like what am I gonna do? I can't be a dad
It's like we kind of hit all the fucking mountains and valleys of this season like I
Now Steve
How clear or unclear I hear the concept of
I don't know idea did you ever listen to
Bears by last week that I didn't even what about public enemy. Are you familiar with them? I know flavor Flav
Yeah, he had a clock. I've seen it and then he'd say people he go what time it is right and he'd say Joe Chuck
Tell people things because they haven't heard it yet, and then Chuck would be like sometimes you'd be like
I don't know if I can
I don't think I don't think they're ready for you Chuck. Yeah, are they ready? Are you ready? Like he would like get the crowd
Yeah for the science that may or may not be drunk
And you know why that's important for black men in the 90s. Tell me
Then still mad about you hyping Heather
Well, that's weird to hype. That's like hyping Vincent Price
It's it's
That's weird. He doesn't have a hype valve. She was the she was the Rihanna. Like you don't hype Rihanna Rihanna is fine
Hype hype Eminem she was a guest. I thought you know she did fine. She doesn't need hyping
Don't give don't give hype notes. He was hyping people. I've got to give him hype notes
You were just you just started the hype note session. I was just asking what you know, he's you know, he's you know
He's right. I would say like
Uh, does the Steve Levy know about hype manning? No, but but do we how much do we want to change Steve Levy's version of hyping?
Well, not not like 20%
Like I still want it to be kind of like I still want you to go. Yeah
Put your hands together. He didn't even do that. He just said like it's Dan Harmon. I don't know what the fuck I'm doing
It's great. Ah Steve. Ah Steve
Steve you Steve how is your your connection with your family over the holidays?
Are you close family?
Yeah, I I didn't obviously didn't go home. But but are you are you a big family small family?
I have a relatively large family. Yeah, are you are you close with them? Oh, yeah. Yeah
My family is pretty tight knit. You guys get along. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no black sheep
No, and you hit like everybody hates or no, no not at all. Do you have a very well balanced like awesome thing?
Yeah, we do. It's kind of it's strange. I guess people like
The circles I roll and it's like I'm like a monster. Yeah
Yeah, I uh, that's sorry. I always felt like yeah, you're like a monster. I know
There's a deficit in my in my I have no ambition and I don't think I'm as creative as my as my friends
Uh, who didn't like their parents. I like my family like I think that that that's uh, that's a real, uh
Way to have a terrible career and entertainment
Yeah, I I love my family. I do and uh, I
I don't know I texted with them. I called them
I heard I heard from them wish them happy. That's why it's why you're not a
A born hype man because that's arbitrary. Like you were born with hype built into your right. You are you you you came pre-hyped
Came out of the womb with hype in you and your mom hyped you and
You like you're everyone's hyped around you people are generally hyped by you
Without you having to hype them. Yeah, like I get hyped just be just to see your smile every morning
That's what I said
Thank you. Yeah
I remember when you got that mouth surgery. Yeah, I was like I almost killed myself
Because you were acting the way I would act if I were you which is to be like, okay, so here's the third
You have a really busy day tomorrow
I need I need the seething joy
So I can blot it out. Well, you got it
Brain really tomorrow morning. I'll be I'll be right there smiling making sure everything gets done right
So he's a natural mellow
You know water and ninja hype man like he
Steve fills the lowest places
Done like all day. He's hyping all day flavor flays probably a piece of shit most of the day
And then he's like compensating when he gets out and stays with chuck
He probably probably right before public enemy went on. I'm sure I'm sure flavor flavor is probably like yo chuck use a coaster, man
Right, and chuck and chuck's like what why do I have to use a coaster?
It's my bad. Yo, man. You think you try going out there without the guy with a clock around his neck, man
Use a fucking coaster when you're in my trailer
Oh, it's fine, but you kind of fucking you fucking me up, man. I'm about to go on stage. Oh, I'll make it up to you
And then they go out and everyone's like whoo, and he's like yo chuck and it's like he's like chuck chuck tea is like like
Uh, like what was it someone's like yell out. You said stop it. Yeah, you have to
We should just explore this. Yes. Wait
He has to stop talking about the public enemy. I think he has to stop performing as is my read
Is it what is it? What is your angle madam?
Are you on like mescaline, what's happening
Yeah, she's she's
She's having a I are you the world's biggest public enemy fan or
Okay, you know, it's a Minecraft fan. All right, she's she's I like look, oh, she's in a different plane. Yeah, I know like well
Look, she's we have a policy here at Harmontown. We don't like when the audience is drunker than we are
That's our only requisite is that you guys be slightly less drunk than we are. Yeah, she won't she won't remember this
But yeah, kind of interrupted my flow. I was in the middle of a scene
That I was excited about it was like like giving a new voice to these classic characters and
Then flavor play, you know the rest of it flavor plate goes out and he like, you know
He really hypes him up and then chuck is like I can't stay mad at you
Thanks. How low can you go death row?
Dan you really have to stop
I'm not sure what you have to stop but whatever forward momentum is really my enemy
And she was I had a box of wine earlier and I would like you to stop whatever you're all of your instincts
Whatever you're thinking right now do something other than that
She was talking to the walls
I want to get off
I'm not going to take it personally
Uh, if only gay just parents were here to just gently fondle her
Or if we had a cage full of raccoons outside she could go
Oh, all right. All right, let's get back on track for god's sake. We had a big show tonight. We're a shit
I know a lot of shit to cover the solid gold dancers are here. Uh, we got we got Joan Embry from the San Diego zoo
Yeah, we have the uh, the Harmon Harmon art players are going to do the uh, our
Improvised sketch should we bring them out right now the original?
Should we bring out the mighty Harmon art players right now to do the sketch? Yeah
Okay
Welcome to stage the mighty Harmon art players. Yeah, all right, so Jeff and I need uh
Well, we don't really need anything we're just gonna do we don't need shit. We're the mighty Harmon art players
All right, so let's do let's do the first Thanksgiving sketch. All right
Oh, you're not gonna physically do it. Do you want me to get up on stage? I feel like I I feel like I
I
Benefit from space work
Okay, so I'll I'll be you you be a pilgrim and I'll be uh, native america. Okay, uh
Ding dong
Hello, well you have very long doorknobs here
You could have opened that door from 12 feet away
Hmm. Hello. Um, uh, my name is john smith. I come from uh, england recently
I'm a refugee uh seeking quarter and you're uh, and this would appears to be a very lovely uh, lovely place a little chilly
But uh, it seems nice. Yes. Your name is uh, sir or madam steve steve
Steve nature steve nature
Are you are you are you a native to this land? Are you are you a visitor like myself? I know I well
I believe that all men are visitors
To everywhere. Okay
But but I know what you're asking. I'm from here. I'm from here
You've lived here. You've lived here a while
Okay, look born bread. Look. Um, look, I I hate to be the guy that comes up. I'm very english as you can tell by my accent
Uh, I got the whole I got the whole family on the boat. Uh, can we get the can we get the luggage off the boat?
Would you be be be a lamb? Would you and uh, I have some of your your strong rugged underwear wearing people
Uh to go help the ladies with the with the luggage off the boat. I'm gonna sit down over here and make myself comfortable
Okay, all right. Just yeah, the boat's right over there. It's that it's that thing that that looks like nothing you've ever seen before
It's it's made of technology you couldn't possibly fathom
I'm wearing pants
Honey bring bring bring extra pants
That was me yelling to my wife on the boat
Later later later that day
Oh, this is good. This is good. Yeah, well, we try what do you call this?
Corn you call this corn you you call it corn. Yeah
See now in the in the tour guide manual. They said that you called it maze
Is that just one of those things that they tell tourists to make it sound exotic here? Well, I'll tell you a dirty little secret about about global travel
Everybody has different words for everything. I mean technically speaking when you came to the door
I should have called the door tree or uh, or uh, or uh, you know, it just occurred to me right now because I've been here for three hours
Uh, how how why is your English so good?
I just it's it's because it's uh, who wants to watch a sketch about people learning
Don't get mad at me
This is this is far too early in this nation's heritage to be meta. All right. Okay. Well, yes
And I know Spanish too
I I I study because I because I've been here the whole time and everyone's always coming and learn how they talk
Was it mr. Nature? Was it Steve? Steve nature?
Um, my parents are coming by in a bit and they're a little freaky. Is that is it all right? Like they kind of like
They uh, they might make some kind of moves
What is freakier than all parents? Oh, is this are you going to drop some native uh knowledge on me?
Try it. All right. Um, uh, uh running hype, uh
How this is my son running hype I I see he has a giant sundial around his neck. Yeah
Yeah, it's weird because that's how you could tell it doesn't work at all
What's happened? Do you know what time of day it is when he lays down? Yes
Running hype, uh, running hype. Could you give me a little bit of hype? I would like to drop some native american, um
wisdom
Oh
All right. Okay. Lay it on this englishman. Okay. All right. Let's go
So
He just hangs around to to to set you up for for success. Yeah. Yeah. All right earth
The mother of them all gives birth to the squall of
White people it's a tidal wave
Coming but life can't be saved because the planet's gonna be swarmed with them from the insect to the plant to the
To the to the to the to the to the to the to the toe tem
Valleys mountains mountains valleys we should invent beats
I didn't want to I have guys with drums here. I brought a guy along on the on the mayflower. He uh, he's he's he was our native beat guy
Okay, well, bro, bring him up. You know, get up here. Get up here
Grab my mic
Uh, what's your name, uh, brother?
Uh, brother
Chief brother cheap. No, you're you're an englishman. No, right. You came with me. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I was just calling you chief
Okay, well, uh, right. No. Yeah, you're just like a fratty thing. Yeah
It's like bro. Yeah. Yeah sport big guy. Yeah, yeah Brandon Brandon beating brother brother band and brother brandon beatington
Yeah, okay. Uh, that's my name. Would you lay down a chief steve nature steve nature? Yeah
Steve steve. Yeah, okay
What's your what's your tribe? Do you have a tribe? Uh, uh, the the the the the natures
Like if you make an extended family, yeah
No, I mean, I don't know what you think you know about us. I don't know. I thought you called corn maze
Well, I mean, it's like there's a lot of stereotypes that make it back to
I think
Are you really an indian?
I mean at first of all, no, I'm not. This isn't india. Okay. Oh, shit. It's not. No, we're the fuck always spoiler alert
Where the fuck are we? I'll tell you where
There's a spirit in the sky
In the dirt
I fucked your mama from all that I was worth
Not gonna scalp you not gonna ride you. I'm just
I'm not gonna talk about pride you
Fuck it. Just sorry. I'm getting distracted by the cultural things
I'm just gonna I'm gonna let it flow
Red yellow tooth decay
I fucked your mama in an unusual way
I did it with my butt facing in front
Fuck your mama so hard. She was done. I'm fucking
Regular dudes
Oh god damn it. Sorry. Just give me a one sec. Can I have more of this turkey? Yeah, okay
Yeah, yo, yo, Steve Beatington. Steve, Steve? No, Brandon, Brandon Beatington everybody. Yeah
Yeah, all right. Yeah, gravy turkey chicken ham potatoes parsnips celery
Plates forks spoons knives
Fucked your mama until she wasn't alive. It sounds sounds like I killed her
She died happy
She wanted it to happen.
Sorry.
You're real?
I keep thinking I'm supposed to do something.
Are you okay?
All right, yo, okay, all right.
Yo, yo, yo, yo.
Every tree has a root.
Every root has a leaf.
That's not true. Let me start over.
That's actually not true.
Sorry, I shouldn't even try.
I don't know what it's just to do that.
Yo, yo, yo, all right, yo, yo.
Buffalo, use every part all the time.
Don't waste it.
Nothing came out of that.
Rock, paper, scissors.
All invented here.
You think we're primitive?
Yo, you're diminutive.
Here's a missive for your...
It's just...
Okay, all right, here's the thing.
Yo, yo, yo, two, two.
Okay, all right, sorry.
I don't know what to do there.
I'll figure it out next time.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, okay.
Your food's getting cold.
Okay, all right.
Okay, honey, start the boat.
Earth, wind, fire, sticks, dicks,
balls, pussy, butts, nipples, nuts,
tautanka, Willy Wonka, fuck your mama.
She didn't say thank you.
She's ungrateful.
So today is all about being grateful every day.
It's a mnemonic device,
because your mama didn't thank me.
I fucked her twice.
She came in on a boat,
and I gave her a little bit of stuff.
I'm trying to...
Sorry, it's...
I'm not trying to be offensive.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Okay, just give me one second, please.
Keep touching me.
Well, you touched me a lot.
I did?
Yeah, you know, you're very touchy.
When was I touching you?
Every five seconds when you met me.
You wouldn't pass the potatoes.
No, when you came in the door, pans everywhere.
What?
No, it was notable.
Oh, by the way, I brought you some blankets.
Yeah, I know.
Everything's, I'm getting sick.
I know that.
I know I'm getting sick.
I'll tell you what's not sick, your beats and your rhymes.
All right, that's going to steam me up.
That's steaming me up.
Oh, you uncorked the revenge
of this Native American engine,
and I'm going to wrap your heart out.
I'm going to eat your mama's pussy
and then fart it out.
I'm going to eat it like it was beans,
and then I'm going to race down the coast.
Know what you mean.
I'm going to get up on a hill overlooking.
Fuck your mama so hard, I said.
Smells like something's cooking.
It was friction from my penis and her pussy.
Nothing rhymes with pussy ever,
ever, ever rhymes with pussy.
Thanksgiving, y'all.
Who gets the times when there's nothing being given, y'all?
Homeless people in the street begging for food.
The glad cops start shooting you in the mood.
Nobody's going to get anybody nothing.
I fucked your mama so hard, she turned into a muffin.
Oh, that sweet vagina.
This never been findered.
God, it's just how terrible it would wrap it today.
Not that I've ever been good,
but it's exceptional this week.
But that's fine. Thanksgiving is a special time when you go to people that you love and you say thank you.
Thank you. I hate myself.
You're ripped.
Genocide. I don't know what is my supposed to do there. I don't know what to do.
Native rap.
Alright. Brandon Beatington. Is it Brandon?
Oh, thank you.
Brad Beatington.
Brad Beatington. Thank you so much, sir. Welcome back.
That's the story of the first Thanksgiving.
Yeah, I guess. Alright. Can we please get to the real show?
Let's just...
Yeah.
Okay. Thank you, sir. It was very nice. Nice shirt.
Thank you for your service, man.
Alright. Come on. Let's get serious.
Alright.
So some people are going to be walking out there with some buckets right now.
And, you know, leukemia is bad.
That whole thing was really where I think Spencer was cracking up.
Oh, I loved it. I loved when Jeff started beeping and booping and you were really getting intense.
That was the best.
Fuck, man.
What did you do for Thanksgiving, Spencer?
Oh, man. I just... No, I went to Dino's thing. He had his family over and then a bunch of people from Starburn's.
Very not funny. A kid fell in a cactus. That's kind of funny, I guess.
Yeah, that was sad.
Well, I thought that was funny.
Which kid was it? I was kid?
No, it was Io's tenance three-year-old daughter.
That sounds right.
That's not funny. If it was Io's kid, that's kind of funny.
Because that kid's kind of a terror.
That's what Dino was saying.
He was being so mean. I was like, oh, he's a good kid.
I mean, he's a resilient kid. He can handle it.
Dino's kicking him.
Yeah. Well, believe me, nothing's going to stop him from serial killing, so it doesn't...
And the kid's like absolutely destined to be a serial killer.
Spencer, did you communicate with your family at all, your mom and dad?
My mom texted me. She's like, happy Thanksgiving. I'm so thankful for you.
And then two days later, I was like, oh, yeah, I really miss your stuffing.
And then she was like, oh, you know, we're having dinner right now. You could come right over.
And then two days later, I was like, that would have been good.
How often have you been back to your parents' house at all?
My parents' house is no longer like they sold it off.
And my dad moved to Columbia and my mom's couch surfing across America or something.
Columbia?
Yeah.
Catch up, man.
No, it's fine.
I did not know that your dad fucked off to a...
Yeah, he fucked off there. He's teaching animation. He's not an animator.
So he's not really a teacher.
I think he now speaks Spanish, which I hope they speak over there.
I believe they do.
Okay, good. Bass is covered.
But yeah, no, it's just really weird.
It's weird that he now teaches animation in Columbia.
So he's like, first day of class, everybody draw a picture.
All right, go home.
And then they come back and he's like, okay, now draw the same picture, but a little different.
And he's like, why isn't this different? You get enough.
Why is this too different?
And then they slowly learn how to animate.
It's probably that hard to teach, really.
Yeah, I mean, it's probably not hard to teach a lot of disciplines.
Yeah, like name a discipline.
I heard karate.
CPR.
Yeah, just push on their chest until it makes their heart beat more.
Or karate until it stops beating.
Yeah.
Yeah, you can teach karate and CPR and CPR.
You can just give people a degree in one and then go now flip it.
You have a special school, Spencer's School of CPR and Karate.
And your degree is like a playing card, like where you turn it upside down.
And it's like...
The problem is reversible.
Uh, what?
I bet you...
Oh, sex ed, yeah, we'll put your winner in the...
Anybody does teach that.
Not a joke.
Too many people teach in that.
Kids having kids, am I right, Gage?
Whoa!
What?
Jesus, he knows!
I'm sorry, that was insensitive.
I apologize, Gage.
I acknowledge my crime.
I express remorse and I commit to change.
That's what they taught me how to do in Apple.
That's like literally in the employee training.
That's a real apology.
Like the three ingredients.
But you can't really just say them like I said.
Also, I think it diminishes it to look at your fingers and count them up.
What else should I apologize for?
I'm sorry I yelled at that kid on Twitter.
What kid?
What that kid?
Whatever that kid, I yelled at that kid on Twitter.
Back like months ago?
Yeah, last time we were in New York.
Hey kid, I'm sorry.
I yelled at you on Twitter.
I feel bad.
I won't yell at you on Twitter again.
Because your account's private now.
Yeah.
I've been yelling at Gamergate all weekend on Twitter.
I caught a tiny bit of that and I tried to look back and find the origin and it was too much work.
So what the hell's going on?
You know that Graham Linehan.
He's a great man.
Great man, that Graham Linehan.
He posted something and talked about.
It was like a news article and talked about how he says that remote radicalization is a serious thing
and it could happen in Gamergate and I was like,
Gamergate, those idiots.
And you know, the floodgates opened.
Oh man.
So just the past 48 hours have just been telling people to kill themselves
and then blocking those people.
I saw some guys like,
I don't know if you guys like Harmonjam, it's Spencer Crittenden.
I know to Dan Harmon they tweeted that.
It's like, were you here two weeks ago?
What do you think is going to happen?
People were telling on you to me.
The reason I know about it is my name was added on to that thing.
It's like, hey, Jeff Davis, Erin McGathy, Dan Harmon.
Yeah, Erin McGathy's here.
Yeah, Spencer Crittenden really wants everyone to kill themselves.
Click here if you want to see all the rich tapestry of all the time as Spencer.
They added in a mosaic that formed my face when you zoomed it out.
It's like Mad Magazine's 50th anniversary cover.
Yeah, well, yeah.
Okay, so yeah, if you're 16, talk to somebody.
Unless you're in Gamergate.
Unless you're in Gamergate, unless you're a Gamergator, then yeah, kill yourself.
You've forfeited your life anyway, yeah.
I mean, I would say.
Please, and I know that I'm the only person in the room that has no idea what that is.
Gamergate means that there was a time when a woman said something and all the gamer games told her.
Yeah, I mean, it would take us five minutes of going through it and even just in going.
It's one of those issues where they're going.
Well, I think I can build off his thing in 30 seconds.
What you just said happened.
And then from then on, everyone's like, no, it didn't.
And then, you know, some people are like, well, yeah, that's that's history.
And then they are like, no, you're wrong.
And now I'm going to bother you for two days straight because we don't believe in recording history.
When we retell history, we talk about stories and we talk about people as if there's like these events that happen.
Like, oh, Archbishop Ferdinand got assassinated in that.
But it's like, no.
Archduke.
Whatever.
Don't rewrite history.
He was effectively defrocked that day.
But it's like, we only do that because we have to have something to talk about.
But the scary thing is that's the scary thing about the Trump thing, because if it's like, honestly, like, it's not a joke anymore to say, like, he's Hitler.
Like, and that he's exactly like Hitler and that he's Hitler.
It's not a joke because like Hitler had a funny haircut and everyone was kept.
And he was a reality television star, basically, because he wrote Mein Kampf and was like, oh, look at me.
Everybody look at me.
And he wasn't a genius and he wasn't like an idealist at all.
He wasn't like a person that was like, I think we should all do this or he was just a guy that was like mad and dumb and was in the like, like, like, like he served a purpose.
And like this, these like the weird thing about that gamer gate thing is it's like what you because you keep asking yourself like, well, why would you if you ever were getting involved in this?
Why would you even still be arguing about all this stuff?
And the answer is because it's never about like these events or these people.
It's always about like these weird like shifts, like these biomasses.
They just build up frustration and shame and rage.
And then they flow this way or that way.
And there's like these magmatic like like eruptions and everybody that's that is like beating people at Donald Trump rallies and being into it.
They take they know like they're not there.
They know he's an idiot like and they're into it like they're like, oh, good.
He's going to say it.
So like I can now I can hit this guy with a pole and then Donald Trump's like like that guy hit a guy with a pole because I'm very popular.
And he's like an idiot like he doesn't he doesn't know what he's doing.
Like that's the scary thing is like he the humanities like evil like it gathers in these clouds and it's just like and it's because of hero worship.
It's because we think that individuals are like important and that oh, you said that you should be the way we're going to cut this guy's head off.
And if we cut that guy's head off, then nothing bad will happen anymore.
And thinking that is what allows for like these clouds of evil to spread.
And like like like that's what's happening right now or like living in history.
Like there's a fucking fascist running for president and he doesn't make him cool at all.
It doesn't even make him cool in like a fucking bad guy way.
He's just a fucking clown.
But he's like there's so many angry fucking people that are like they're just like and they're not even like can you imagine like after World War One how they were using like wads of money for door stops and toilet paper.
Like that's how fucking scared they were.
We're just like oh I have to golf nine holes instead of 18 like and there's fucking hitting Hispanic people at rallies.
And then they're saying to him like hey what about that guy that got beaten at your rally and he's like well my fans are passionate.
Like it's fucking and his hair is everywhere and everyone's like hardy har har like fucking like he's Hitler.
He's Hitler which is not it doesn't make him important doesn't make him strong doesn't make him scary even.
It makes the fucking situation scary.
He's Hitler.
We're scary.
Like we're doing fucked up scary shit.
Gamergate is fucking another one of those things because those guys those guys got in a van and like went and shot up that like.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Those are like 4chan.
There was like a guy from 4chan that 4chan doesn't even like that was like went and shot the black lives matter.
They were like oh I don't know if they were related to the agitators at the Minnesota protests.
There was like video.
I don't know.
It's somehow related in there.
I'm not I'm not the last thing I'm going to do is go like yeah 4chan anything because it's fucking credit cards shut off tomorrow.
But the the the but because that guy was like some knob who was like there was like a guy in the video who was like oh I'm going to go do this like that.
I'm going to go troll the like black lives matter.
And then guns at him getting fired and five people got shot.
Anyways but it but my point being friend friend yes fringe groups radical groups dumb dumb ass fascist like politicians like what's happening right now is just as as gradual and dangerous as the weather.
Or as like a super volcano under Yellowstone it's not it has nothing to do with like oh no how if this election goes wrong it's like fucking people are getting dumber and dumber and dumber and more and more dangerous.
What are we going to do about it.
Millennials.
Keep hashtagging.
Make sure hashtag keep hashtagging.
Make sure everybody is real polite to each other.
There's a fucking fascist running for president.
And you can't do anything about it.
Like there's nothing grab a brick.
Tell him I sent you grab a fucking brick and throw it through something.
I don't think I don't think Donald Trump was a fascist.
I think that he no he's a fucking fascist.
I think this is not an argument.
I think he's a windsock he goes where that's what a fascist is exactly an opportunistic infection in a time of economic.
He caters to people that like if he if he finds out that fascists will vote for him he will do exactly their bid.
That's what I said brother dog.
Don't don't irritate me.
That's what I said.
But like but like Adolf Hitler sat in the cell and wrote down some like some terrible fucking horrible shit.
I don't know if it was all that intelligent.
He just wrote it.
It's just time moves slower back.
That's all.
He's sat in a cell for four years and wrote a dumb ass book like Donald Trump was on a fucking reality show.
You're fired.
Like it's just he's he's and he put on a baseball cap was like I'll be president.
Like it's like everyone's like yeah.
I'm going to associate that with the things that make me angry.
And he's like OK.
I heard that like that's the scary.
I think there are more dangerous people in the Republican Party like they actually have more like for me like a little bit more like violent fascistic views.
They actually really do believe it.
I don't I don't know that Donald Trump particularly believes in anything at all.
Why are we talking to a brick wall.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what makes him dangerous.
He's a fucking idiot.
He doesn't believe in anything.
That means that people who are their clockwork orging people they're fucking beating people with sticks.
And he's saying and then they're asking him about it on morning shows and he's going like well my fans are number one.
Like like he's that's what's dangerous not a fucking guy who's like I'm going to take over the world.
Like like that guy's fine.
We've been living with that for 60 years.
Well like like like I'm saying this guy's a fucking a class number one dipshit.
Like he called Mexicans rapists and he's still running.
He's still getting out of bed every morning.
He's just the right kind of dumb to fucking like make some horrible people able to do shit.
Like like like we're one step from like history here.
Yeah the whole thing now the whole like.
And I was wrong by the way.
That's I forgot to mention that I fucking full retraction.
Remember when Erin went to Ireland and she's like everyone here is worried that Trump's going to be president.
And I was like come on give us a fucking joke.
I have never been wronger in my life.
I'm so wrong.
I'm so terrified right now.
He slipped 10 points in very recent history which is a pretty big drop percentage points.
What do you think he finally did wrong.
Did he like eat a baby.
I think people just saw how good he was doing and be like we can't just stand by.
We got to vote in these polls.
Polls.
Anybody here a Trump supporter and don't clap ironically anybody.
I would love to meet somebody and not like not ironically.
I heard why I heard a guy and I was like like this is how they sound.
So there was a guy because they were talking about that whole thing of how like well this is a fucking historical game changer where people are
physically beaten at your speeches and you don't condemn it.
Like the and so they're asking this guy about it and he said his his his response.
He was like a spokesman or something.
It was like a and he said come on.
This is just ridiculous.
Like if it like what is every time a black man commits a crime is it Obama's fault.
That's what the guy said was like what the fucking deep dark glance into like the weird weirdest fucking what the fuck.
Like like that's what they sound like.
That's skinhead talk dude.
Cowabunga.
That's fucking like that's scary.
That guy was wearing a tie probably.
He's probably older than me.
He's like old like like like like imagine like a imagine imagine when some of these fucking kids like like like like like you know like
what does it take to flip them.
He's fucking these these kids like what does it really take to fucking flip them like on a fellow piece.
You know like like they they love they love being team players.
They love they love code.
They love language being right.
They love like being like part of something bigger than them.
Like what is it.
That terrifies me too.
There's 90 degree intersection between a generation with a total capacity for fucking like teamwork and this like floppy haired
weirdo going like America's used to be number one we should be the immigrants are bad.
Like like like I just worried about like like a 1980s V mini series happening here.
It's like kids with red jumpsuits on going like I'm a visitor scout get off to the camps with you.
If you're over 70 we got to eat you now.
We're going to make soap out of you.
Hashtag cancel Colbert.
Anyways I just I just don't trust you guys.
That's all.
Don't take it personally.
I think that you might be slitting my throat tomorrow.
You may I may be up against a wall.
All right.
Let's play shadow run.
Oh yeah.
I love it.
Do we want to.
Skeleton crew or should we add people up up for this spring.
We got the whole Rick and Morty writing staff came here tonight.
Hey Mike McMahon you want to play shadow run with us.
All right.
This is Mike McMahon.
He's been there from the beginning.
Hey everybody.
And then Jessica Gao you want to come up.
I can share with Mike.
All right.
Hello Mike and Jessica.
Hi.
How's Rick and Morty going.
It's great.
Yeah.
Yeah season three coming along.
Yeah we're a month in.
You guys have broken all the scripts or just some of them or where you guys at in the process right now.
Are we allowed to say can we say I think so.
Yeah.
Well yeah as far as how far we are.
Yeah we have we have a whole bunch of areas of like oh this sounds like a good episode.
We haven't really figured out what it is yet.
But we know we want these two things to happen.
And we have one outline at the network right now.
We have another outline being worked on.
And I think we're going to figure out another outline to start getting worked on this week.
Are you doing things where like you'll Jessica and you Michael get your own script.
Like it'll be this episode by Jessica Gao and Mike.
Yeah you guys have those set up already.
Yeah every script will be by Jessica Gao and Mike McMahon season.
We were like Ryan Ridley too many scripts.
Yeah.
We need a Gal McMahon.
I don't know how to play this game.
You'll find that neither do we.
So you're in good company.
Yeah there's a character sheet there.
This is like a dark future like William Gibson kind of universe.
You follow me.
Gal.
Who's William Gibson.
Wait didn't we getting that wrong.
I don't know.
I mean I'm ignorant here.
Wait I thought.
Who is William Gibson.
Answer that like I was dumb.
The author of Neuromancer.
Okay.
That's good to know.
He invented cyberpunk right.
I know what Neuromancer is.
Sure.
Yeah.
I guess I shouldn't have been shocked.
It wasn't your choice to play Shadowrun.
I guess.
Yeah more.
We live in a distant future.
It's like D&D.
It's improvised role playing.
But we live in the future so it's futuristic key.
But you can do whatever you want.
And you have a list of weapons there that you might want to use if you get in trouble.
Oh yeah.
Suspenser do you want to get us up to speed here and show us what we have.
I would love nothing more Jeff.
Real quick.
Jessica your character is.
Do you see.
There's a lot of writing on these pages you guys.
There's so many pages.
Don't worry about it.
Okay.
Do you see the name here.
My name is Hordegaard.
You're Hordegaard.
Yeah.
All right.
So you're a troll doctor who means no harm and is kind of a weirdo.
And Mike you're a Mercy O'Donnell probably right.
I'm Dr. Friend.
Oh you're Dr. Friend.
Fantastic.
Okay.
Wait.
I got that wrong.
Yeah Dr. Friend's a troll doctor.
Hordegaard is a.
I'm a dwarf.
Hordegaard's a dwarf.
I'm a male troll.
Yeah.
You're like a you're like a psychic Jessica who like like like has like psychic powers.
I don't know.
There's like should be a list of them somewhere out there.
Yeah.
And I weigh a hundred kilograms.
And so that means Steve that you're probably playing Mercy right.
I am Mercy.
All right.
This recap was written by Peter Smith.
Thank you Peter Smith.
All right.
Last time on Shadowrun the gang assaulted a woman's mind until she asked them for help.
She assigned them a mission to find her recovering ghoul daughter.
Jam who lasts whose last known whereabouts were a flesh to fresh center.
After discussing strategy the gang decided their first stop will be the nano opium den.
The golden hole.
What will they learn from their mob contact David McChinaman.
And who will they offend in the process.
Find out now on Harmon thing.
David McChinaman I assume named by Thomas Middleditch.
Yep.
Sorry.
Sorry Jessica.
Was it was it David David McChinaman or the Chinaman.
No David McChinaman.
David McChinaman.
The Chinese person.
He's a little Irish.
He's mostly Irish.
A little bit right.
He should eat at 23 and me and there was a little bit of Irish.
So we're going to the golden hole nano opium den to meet David McChinaman.
Chinaman.
Who's doctor friends contact in the mob.
All right.
And maybe that contact will know something about the disappearance of the flesh to fresh franchise.
Yeah.
All right.
So is our Uber pulled up to the golden hole.
It is now presently.
You roll up to a trash filled alleyway and your Uber comes to a halt.
You see the back door to the golden hole.
The nano opium den run by the golden six.
A triad in the Seattle underground.
A triad's like a Chinese mafia.
Past the incinerator and piles of garbage bags.
You can see a small metal door with a retro neon sign saying AR only club.
Outside the door is a bald Asian man in a black suit and tie and shades.
AR only club.
That's what the science.
What does that mean?
That AR is what is it?
Augmented reality.
Yeah.
Which means it's a kind of it's a kind of technology that is used socially.
Okay.
So they won't they won't allow a VR in there.
VR is like next level AR.
If you have VR you could you could use it but it's part of your AR.
This is engaging stuff.
Do we all just have AR built in because we're future people.
I mean I don't know that off hand.
I think some of you do.
It's in your equipment which I'm sure will be easy for you to just skim and find.
All I have is my nano like eyepiece for my contact lens that helps me like look at things.
Who are you playing Steve?
I'm Mercy.
Does that count Spencer?
Well Mercy is the face man.
Like why don't you go talk to the bald bouncer.
Okay.
See if we can get a table for four.
Table for five, six.
Whatever anywhere.
But are there actual oh okay yeah.
I'll come with you and stand five feet away.
If things go bad I'll murder him.
That's the way we do things.
Hey.
It really is.
Hey bouncer guy.
Hey how's it going?
Welcome to the golden hole.
Hello.
What's your name?
My name is Mercy.
You're not on the list.
What can I help you with?
I'm just curious about your establishment.
Oh it's an anopium den.
I'm doing a lot of sniffing and licking around.
It's an intimidation tactic.
What's this guy doing?
It's pretty weird.
Yeah.
Ignore him.
Okay.
He's eccentric.
I would agree.
So how do you get into this place?
Do I need to like make some calls?
Nah man.
You just got to pay the cover fee per head.
$500 million.
You know you can come on down.
$500 new gets?
New yen.
They're like nougat.
Per person?
Yeah per head.
Alright.
Ask them if we can get a deal for other people.
Yeah.
Can we get...
Listen.
I'm a sweet lady and I know how clubs work.
You know it's one dude for every woman.
So...
It's a great ratio.
Yeah.
Ideal.
Is there...
You know give us a dealier.
Look at this eccentric guy.
He's not going to do anything.
He's literally sniffing walls.
I can give a pretty lady like yourself a discount but a sniffy guy like this has to pay.
What did you say to me?
I said you're a sniffy guy.
Don't do that.
You won't like him when he's angry.
I mean it's my job to like or not like people in any state.
Well that sounds like a lot more new yen than I have.
Well maybe that's because the people playing you haven't recorded the new yen you've earned
from your missions.
We've got the new yen you guys.
Alright everybody.
Come on.
Confidant.
500 new yen a piece.
I put my 500 in the kitty.
Alright thanks.
Here's some complimentary AR glasses.
That's nice.
On the house.
It's nice.
Is Captain EO playing tonight?
Oh.
Captain EO.
What's that?
It's an AR show.
It's really good.
It's before your time.
No that was me the character you guys.
I know who Captain EO is.
Alright so I take my glasses and I walk into the golden hole.
Alright you go down a small staircase into a dark room lit with red lights through your
AR glasses you can see overlaid with the real reality all sorts of virtual reality.
The virtual reality in question is largely rendered mists, red mists that add to the
depth of the opium den mystique.
Oh shit.
Are we all getting high?
You can smell the drugs.
The good real...
But I'm feeling them.
You're feeling them.
I'm feeling them drugs.
The room though...
You know how I roll.
The place is full of circular booths with hukas.
There's people sitting at the hukas.
There's all sorts of business men and also dudes wearing Hawaiian shirts are just kind
of sprawled out around the hukas.
Opium and...
I walk up to the bouncer and say hey do you know where David McChanaman is?
We don't give out of those information.
This is a nano opium den.
We can't just give out people's...
We take out a thousand Nuiyan and I say do you know where David McManaman is?
McManaman.
McChinaman is.
Madam, you understand that if I were to betray one of my sworn brothers, five lightning
bolts would have to kill me.
I take out 500 more Nuiyan.
You realize that if I accept a bribe from someone outside of the triads, myriads of knives
will be forced to kill me.
Can we just threaten this guy?
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
In the recap they said that Dr. Friend invaded his brain.
Yeah, you did somebody?
Yeah, we...
I think I know this guy and I hope there aren't any cyberware here because I hate them.
Nice.
They disgust me and I think they're less than people who are not cyberware.
All right.
Dr. Friend, come on.
I approach the bouncer and I say hey, I'm Dr. Friend.
I might be on the list and I know...
We already got to ask the bouncer.
Well, we all keep going back to the bouncer.
Let me handle this.
I approach somebody near the front who looks like they know what's going on but they're
not bouncing and I say, hi, I know David McChinaman.
My name is Dr. Friend, but I'm not sure where in the establishment they are.
It's very red and smoky and regular smoky at the same time.
Could you point me in the right direction?
David usually hangs out by the bathrooms.
You know, you should recognize them.
Of course.
You're friends.
I should have remembered that.
Thank you.
Yeah, yeah.
Thank you very much.
I think we should head to the bathroom.
Okay, let's go to the bathroom.
If shit goes down, you're first.
What?
I said I'll take a run.
I have to.
Okay.
Hey, hey, hey.
I think, what are you, can't you scan the room for this guy or something?
We know he's by the bathroom.
Yeah, but do you know what he looks like?
Yeah, I guess I do.
I know him.
But hold on, I get it.
Do you want to scan the room?
I mean, that's what the recap said.
Okay.
I mean, yes.
I assume I have scanning abilities.
Yeah, you can scan for the presence of human life.
Okay.
Which is not helpful.
Which is filling.
I can do that.
Yeah, yeah.
It's true.
So I scan the room and have determined that the club is filled with human life.
Yeah.
Come on.
Over to the bathroom.
Everybody, let's go to the bathroom.
All right, I scan the bathroom and I find...
Don't scan the...
Don't scan the bathroom?
What are you, cyberware?
No, don't...
No.
He hates that.
He hates it.
He's psychic.
Look, I'm just very confused right now, both by what's happening and by why this world is so Asian.
Okay?
I mean, come on.
It's Seattle.
It's...
Even in the future, Seattle is kind of Asian, so...
All right.
Right by the bathroom.
Dr. Friend, come on.
Find this guy.
Dr. Friend, do you see...
I look around.
I assume...
I look around to see if he's there.
Is he my friend there?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Right by the bathroom.
Oh, we approach him.
You see your old friend, David McChinaman.
He's wearing a mint polo shirt.
He's crunched over a cyber hookah.
He's hitting it.
Beep, boop, my shleemo.
How's it going?
I see the...
Beep, boop!
Wow, he...
All right.
He can talk the talk.
Oh, man.
He's gone way back.
You again.
I'm not dying, am I?
Because you patched me up because I was dying.
I'm just here to check on your condition.
You're looking well to be consuming so many augmented drugs.
Yeah, man.
Pull up a cyber beanbag.
Take some of this nano-opium.
May my...
Well, first of all, thank you.
And I'm here to introduce my digital compatriots.
You're gonna have to...
Just talk to them.
Find out where the thing is.
Find out where Gem is.
Where Gem is.
Are you talking about Gem?
Gem, yeah.
Sorry for the momentary muttering.
But do you know where...
Sorry, just one second.
Gem's a person, not a gem.
Gem is a person.
Her name is Gem.
She was turned into a...
She's kind of turned into a ghoul.
We have to find out where she is to get her back to her parents.
All right, I'm turning my AR back on.
He couldn't hear any of that stuff on the AR.
Do you know where Gem is?
I'm looking for Gem.
Daughter of Peggy.
Daughter of Pet...
Gem, daughter of Peggy.
I don't know any of those people.
Let's...
No.
Doctor Friend.
No, no.
Doctor Friend, ask him if he knows what happened to the
Flesh to Fresh franchise.
What happened to that?
I know this is going to sound crazy, David,
but do you know what happened to the...
Fresh to Flesh...
Flesh to Fresh.
Flesh to Fresh franchise.
Yeah, Flesh to Fresh.
That's those ghoul clinics, right?
They're popping up all over the place.
They're disappearing.
Yes, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, you know, I've heard of those.
They get on the news because a new one pops up.
You hear all about it.
It's super successful.
That's the next thing you know.
There's a fire.
You never hear from them again.
Well, we've all seen the news, but do you have any non-jews?
Insider.
Have you maybe picked up any info from lounging in the digital drug den?
That maybe the common news watcher might not know?
I mean, I did patch you up, so...
Jessica, scan them.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thank you.
My name is Hordegard.
Whoa.
Only my family calls me Jessica.
Experience points.
All right, so I scan him and determine he is a living organism.
Yeah, no, because I patched him up.
He's living.
No, he invaded his brain.
Sorry.
He indeed knows more than he's letting on.
Well, go get it.
Go take it.
Oh, I dig around inside his brain.
Oh, you see, you see, you see initiation rites from the triads and all sorts of ceremonies
and all sorts of family meals around the table.
Wondrous times and also dangerous times, you know, like just general mob things that happen
to mob people is entering your mind.
The guy is, he's screaming.
He's screaming so loud.
He's like, ah, my mind is being probed.
It's...
Good night.
Hey, guys, don't do the yellow nano opium.
Six security guards show up with guns.
What's going on?
My bad, guys.
My bad.
Scan them.
I'll scan the security guard.
One of the security guards starts screaming.
He's like, ah, my mind.
Everyone has such a horrible memory.
He just keeps scanning everybody.
We're going to wave the red dust in the air so you can keep scanning.
That's a hologram, that dust.
I'm scanning everybody and then I accidentally scan Mercy.
All right.
Oh, man.
Oh, God.
Stop.
My brain.
It feels really good for me.
I'm sorry.
It doesn't matter.
She didn't give her consent to be scanned.
That's true.
I said to David McChime, hey, look, we came here hoping to find out some information.
We'll make it worth your while.
If you can give us a lead on this, this Peggy has a daughter named Gem we're looking for
and the flesh to fresh franchise just keep disappearing and the last time she was seen
was at this place.
Anything you can do, we'll make it worth your while if you can give us any lead on this stuff.
Mr. McChineman.
Well.
If that is your real name.
I got to take him in.
I got to be honest with you.
He's breathing heavily.
He seems a little worse for wear.
This is the other security guard.
The other five security guards haven't haven't left.
They're just standing around you guys.
But they don't seem like they're going to do anything.
Okay.
You guys are right.
I'm pain.
I'm going to put my glasses on.
Why are you in pain?
Because I got my mind probed.
What?
Yeah.
Jessica probed my mind.
She was doing a probes.
Her name isn't Jessica.
Her name is Jessica.
She's a woman.
Oh, I must have missed that.
I'm sorry.
Sorry about that.
You're a being probed.
Alright.
So a couple things.
I don't think the girl was ever actually last seen here.
I mean there was really no good reason for us to come here.
Like this is someplace that we can't.
Didn't we think that the mob would know something about the
disappearance?
We didn't think that.
But like it wasn't again, we're just bad shadow runners.
So I kind of like, I square off with the security guys.
And I just kind of, I give him a professional nod.
like you know it's obvious from my face and like look we're both paid to make
sure that everybody doesn't die you know like let's let's let's let's let's keep
keep it that way you do that kind of nod
well I say I say I say I say I don't speak Chinese do I no I try what could
go wrong no no no I say I say I say I say we'll be out of here in in just a
second guys okay I look around to see if there's anything we can get from this
place since we're here cyber hookahs also nano opium well nano opium could come
in handy I am a doctor can I can I just nab some we paid a lot to get in here I'm
just saying it should be worth our while a little bit probably paid more than
we're gonna make on the mission well that's not true wait we're doing this
for money it was oh yeah or guns yeah both yeah we really fucked up again so
we just came to a Chinese opium done for no reason you came there because these
these market these these flesh to freshes they seem to have ties with meat
markets and meat markets might have ties to the mob that's why I believe you
guys want over here let's ask him about the meat mark all right McChinaman is
there a meat market that's a frack and I can't I'm not good at this wait flesh to
fresh isn't a meat market no they're associated with meat markets hey
McChinaman what's the connection with meat markets and flesh to fresh yeah hey
man I don't know nothing about those connections but I'll tell you what those
flesh market people bad dudes you know they send in a honeypot they get you
real nice they're being all friendly they say all like oh hey you want to go
grab a cyber burger they take you in an alley white van city had a chopped up
you're in parts you're being delivered you they're selling to your arms to China
how do we tell how we find one of these tickets to the white van people well I
want to phone to talk to these people I don't know nothing about no meat markets
the the golden six does not deal in meat who does deal with the meat I don't know
man maybe some people affiliated with corpse who what's corpse you know corpse
corporations yeah can we attract them with a honeypot like mercy that's I ask
my friends look I think that we just came to the wrong place for no reason yeah
let's just all do some opium and fucking get well we all just jump up in the air
and free-spray with the air yay bad shadow winners cliffhanger
thank you to Jessica and Mike from Rick and Morty look forward to season three
of that also let's thank Gage Robert and Heather for coming up tonight that was
fantastic our beatboxer extraordinaire Brandon Beatington Steve Levy Spencer
Creighton and I'm Jeff Davis your mayor of course as always mr. Dan Harmon all
right get back to work back to work so you had a good time go back to work
thank you see you next see you next week are we next week Steve over here okay
we're here next week drive fast take chances everybody Charlie
okay did you get any of that it's a good show